so spend all the team today
window site is a plus
I got out into the fresh air
aim try de facto traditional
Nepali week known as Ukraine
the culprit of our today's
activity
should be brought to mind dollars
on the eve
ambulance station
wooden handle
fake
still you can a little
football players have become
a thickness of about nine billion
guns bulging
so-called lens
main surface made inside
converge newest
fuck to the place where it starts with
the guns
descents converge
almost to zero
not polished
the so-called raw
as we said
some failure has befallen all
broke loose
it was impossible to try
snuffle
how did it killed
the first both
not even filmed by us on video
it seemed that we got the product
defective
and
courier damage breaking
zero and here is actually a first strike
it happened with us
Unfortunately
failed tests
for a week
and take a drink
the culprit
of today
events
reports
today's culprit
activity
lion levinson me a lump look in
our today's stubborn match
activity
if earlier
Yu
then come
n yes